What is it guys and what can Mike say now in this video are we going to be over viewing all the settings
of Commerce.
OK.
So let's just go to dashboard right here and you can see that we will be taking to the dashboard.
We have two options that are created right now and this is commerce.
And then this is product so here you can manage all the settings.
And then here you can add your products so let's just go here and let's click here.
It's going to take you to the otter's page right here in the audio section.
It's going to show all the orders that has been done that has been processed or that needs to be processed
or that needs to be shared.
So everything is going to come here.
OK.
So then we will be very clear about the products we will add it will also just add some order from us.
OK so we will also just do fake order so that everything will come here.
Alex please each and everything you can see here.
Everything will be coming OK.
And in the coupon section you can create a coupon you can create a coupon like if you are running a
sale on your website for 50 percent off everything you can create a coupon you can give it to your loved
ones you could give it to your professional.
You can give it to your customers you can give it to people who are in your mailing list and something
like that.
OK so you can run that.
OK.
You can create a coupon.
And then we have the reports here it's going to show the reports of the sales that has been done.
You can see that everything that is coming right here we have the customers right here is going to show
a list of customers that has been added to here that customer sales that guess sales is going to show
a crowd who's coming here.
And tell me how this stock is going to show that.
What are the products that are low on stock.
What are the products that are out of stock and more of the products that are most stocked in your e-commerce
sites or the products that are most stock you can run a sale that they're not being sold or something
like that.
Okay.
And then we have the settings right here here we're going to manage every setting that we have.
You're going to see that we have the address and these are already added When we were just forced over
it and installed Word installed the new commerce will pay and we have the city we have the country postcode
and everything right here.
OK.
So then we have the products tab right here.
And the products we have everything we have shipping as well.
Okay.
So you can see that we have shipping for Pakistan and then we have the shipping for like the country
where we have we don't have assigned a shipping zone so we can assign a shipping zone for another country
like if I want to assign a shipping zone to China or if anyone is saying the shipping zone to us or
UK or something like that I can do that.
I can also go to the Czech code and then here I can just check everything here.
So the page is all also being created.
Everything is right here that beamin gateways are coming right here.
OK.
And then we have the account Stabb.
OK so in the accounts I'm going to tell people that enable customer registration on the checkout page
and customers should must be registered in order to just buy anything so you can just do that and everything
is right here.
And then in the emails you can work with that if any order has created that e-mail is going to be sent
to this if his order on hold that e-mail is going to be sent to customers if his order is completed
the e-mail will be sent to discuss more in something like that everything.
OK so we will be working up to this and then we have the last one is the AP.
So how EPA works.
If you want to connect your immobile with your it this website.
OK you can do it or if you want to just connect your site to print full.
You can also do it.
I'm going to show you what a print full is how it is.
Everything.
I'm going to show you in this quarter.
OK so you can connect your mobile with this when using API and how this will work is that if you want
to post anything any product from that app then you can post that app API.
So I'm going to show you how this is going to work.
Then we have the status and it it will tell us the status of say that if our website is compatible there
are in our hosting environment.
OK I can see that these are giving giving is some things but these are not much recommended.
OK so everything is totally up and running.
We have to set up the terms and conditions bejeweled set it up.
OK so everything is totally up and running and then we have the finally some extensions OK.
So in the extensions we can work with these things as well.
I'll tell you in the later on.
OK.
So now we have this one right here.
Let's just go to the products and let's go to all products right here.
All products that it's going to show all the products that we have seen like post in the post.
If we go to all post it's going to show all the post if we go to add new it's going to add a new product
product and then we have the categories tags and the attributes.
Everything is exactly same as this.
OK.
So this is going to be so much fun.
I don't think so if I should explain the just because you guys already know already have got the idea
that how can we assign product category how can we assign product to tag something like that.
So we will be doing that in the next video so stadium guys and in the next video will be adding a fresh
product and vote for that so on and by.